# CART315_Prototype04
 
Hypothesis: When exploring an environment of obstacles, are players more inclined to use a first person point of view or a third person person point of view? 

Overall, all players used both perspectives depending on what obstacle were infront of them. Only one player, player seven, stuck to a single perspective the entire playthrough which was the first person. Player seven expressed that the jumping was a lot more difficult because of not being able to properly see how big the gap between platforms were, or how high/far the steps of the stairs are. When player seven played the prototype a second time, they utilized both perspective but primarily the third persons. When asked the question "Which perspective do you prefere?", all players said they prefere the third person perspective. However, they all also expressed that having the option to switch between the two perspectives was clever and allowed them to view different ways of overcomming the obstacles. For example, majority said that for anything involving jumping, the third perspective was more convenient because it allowed for a better depth perception. On the other hand, when the players reached the long tunnels, majority preferred the first person because they had a view in front of them rather than entering blindly. If they entered blindly, they would fall to their death because they would not be able to see the gap between the platforms. There was another interesting approach, where player five remained in the third person the entire game and was able to actually jump over the arches and over the tunnels, still managing to complete the game withouth dying. Due to the Milky Way skybox, fog, and dark colored materials, many believed that the setting was intended to be in space. The reality of it though, is that I just wanted to keep it as dark as possible to add further difficulty to players understandings of the environment. Since it very much felt like an outerspace environment, player six suggested playing with the gravity to have it be more like an outerspace experience and mentioned that it would also make certain parts of the prototype more difficult to overcome. Overall, I am content with the results and believe that majority prefer the use of two perspectives for puzzle based games. 
